DevContainer for Holohub (#430)
nvidia-holoscan/holohub: applications/volume_rendering/README.md

```bash
./dev_container build_and_run volume_rendering --language [cpp|python] --run_args --usages
```

## Dev Container

To start the the Dev Container, run the following command from the root directory of Holohub:

```bash
./dev_container vscode
```

### VS Code Launch Profiles

#### C++

> Use the **(gdb) h264_video_decode/cpp** launch profile to run and debug the C++ application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **(gdb) volume_rendering/cpp** launch profile to run and debug the C++ application.
```

#### Python

There are a couple of launch profiles configured for this application:

> 1. **(debugpy) h264_video_decode/python**: Launch the Volume Rendering application with the ability to debug Python code.
> 2. **(pythoncpp) h264_video_decode/python**: Launch the Volume Rendering application with the ability to debug both Python and C++ code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **(debugpy) python_rendering/python**: Launch the Volume Rendering application with the ability to debug Python code.
2. **(pythoncpp) python_rendering/python**: Launch the Volume Rendering application with the ability to debug both Python and C++ code.
```
